base_files_access_closed_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
base_files_double_close_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
base_general_divide_by_0_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
base_general_nullpointer_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
base_general_uninitialized_pointer_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
base_general_uninitialized_value_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
base_integers_overflow_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
base_memory_double_free_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
base_memory_read_uninitialized_malloced_mem_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
base_memory_refer_freed_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
base_memory_zero_alloc_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
base_strings_overflow_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
base_strings_unbounded_copy_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
file_operations_access_closed_01_simple_if_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
file_operations_access_closed_02_simple_if_int1_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
file_operations_access_closed_02_simple_if_int2_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
file_operations_access_closed_03_simple_if_multi_func_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
file_operations_access_closed_04_simple_switch_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
file_operations_access_closed_05_simple_goto_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
file_operations_access_closed_06_simple_pass_by_reference_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
file_operations_access_closed_07_cross_file_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
file_operations_access_closed_08_loop_for_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
file_operations_access_closed_09_loop_for_complex_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
file_operations_access_closed_10_loop_while_continue_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
file_operations_access_closed_11_loop_while_do_continue_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
file_operations_access_closed_12_loop_for_array_branching_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
file_operations_access_closed_13_loop_for_pointer_arithmetic_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
file_operations_access_closed_17_complex_function_pointers_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
file_operations_access_closed_18_complex_struct_multiple_methods_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
file_operations_access_closed_19_complex_refcount_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
file_operations_double_close_01_simple_if_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
file_operations_double_close_02_simple_if_int1_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
file_operations_double_close_02_simple_if_int2_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
file_operations_double_close_03_simple_if_multi_func_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
file_operations_double_close_04_simple_switch_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
file_operations_double_close_05_simple_goto_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
file_operations_double_close_06_simple_pass_by_reference_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
file_operations_double_close_07_cross_file_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
file_operations_double_close_08_loop_for_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
file_operations_double_close_09_loop_for_complex_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
file_operations_double_close_10_loop_while_continue_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
file_operations_double_close_11_loop_while_do_continue_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
file_operations_double_close_12_loop_for_array_branching_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
file_operations_double_close_13_loop_for_pointer_arithmetic_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
file_operations_double_close_17_complex_function_pointers_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
file_operations_double_close_18_complex_struct_multiple_methods_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
file_operations_double_close_19_complex_refcount_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
general_divide_by_zero_01_simple_if_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
general_divide_by_zero_02_simple_if_int1_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
general_divide_by_zero_02_simple_if_int2_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
general_divide_by_zero_03_simple_if_multi_func_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
general_divide_by_zero_04_simple_switch_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
general_divide_by_zero_05_simple_goto_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
general_divide_by_zero_06_simple_pass_by_reference_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
general_divide_by_zero_07_simple_cross_file_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
general_divide_by_zero_08_loop_for_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
general_divide_by_zero_09_loop_for_complex_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
general_divide_by_zero_10_loop_while_continue_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
general_divide_by_zero_11_loop_while_do_continue_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
general_divide_by_zero_12_loop_for_array_branching_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
general_divide_by_zero_13_loop_for_pointer_arithmetic_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
general_divide_by_zero_17_complex_function_pointers_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
general_divide_by_zero_18_complex_struct_multiple_methods_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
general_divide_by_zero_19_complex_refcount_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
general_nullpointer_01_simple_if_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
general_nullpointer_02_simple_if_int1_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
general_nullpointer_02_simple_if_int2_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
general_nullpointer_03_simple_if_multi_func_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
general_nullpointer_04_simple_switch_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
general_nullpointer_05_simple_goto_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
general_nullpointer_06_simple_pass_by_reference_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
general_nullpointer_07_cross_file_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
general_nullpointer_08_loop_for_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
general_nullpointer_09_loop_for_complex_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
general_nullpointer_10_loop_while_continue_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
general_nullpointer_11_loop_while_do_continue_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
general_nullpointer_12_loop_for_array_branching_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
general_nullpointer_13_loop_for_pointer_arithmetic_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
general_nullpointer_17_complex_function_pointers_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
general_nullpointer_18_complex_struct_multiple_methods_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
general_nullpointer_19_complex_refcount_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
integers_overflow_01_simple_if_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
integers_overflow_02_simple_if_int1_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
integers_overflow_02_simple_if_int2_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
integers_overflow_03_simple_if_multi_func_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
integers_overflow_04_simple_switch_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
integers_overflow_05_simple_goto_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
integers_overflow_06_simple_pass_by_reference_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
integers_overflow_07_simple_cross_file_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
integers_overflow_08_loop_for_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
integers_overflow_09_loop_for_complex_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
integers_overflow_10_loop_while_continue_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
integers_overflow_11_loop_while_do_continue_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
integers_overflow_12_loop_for_array_branching_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
integers_overflow_13_loop_for_pointer_arithmetic_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
integers_overflow_17_complex_function_pointers_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
integers_overflow_18_complex_struct_multiple_methods_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
integers_overflow_19_complex_refcount_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_access_uninit_01_simple_if_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_access_uninit_02_simple_if_int1_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_access_uninit_02_simple_if_int2_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_access_uninit_03_simple_if_multi_func_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_access_uninit_04_simple_switch_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_access_uninit_05_simple_goto_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_access_uninit_06_simple_pass_by_reference_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_access_uninit_07_simple_cross_file_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_access_uninit_08_loop_for_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_access_uninit_09_loop_for_complex_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_access_uninit_10_loop_while_continue_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_access_uninit_11_loop_while_do_continue_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_access_uninit_12_loop_for_array_branching_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_access_uninit_13_loop_for_pointer_arithmetic_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_access_uninit_17_complex_function_pointers_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
memory_access_uninit_18_complex_struct_multiple_methods_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_access_uninit_19_complex_refcount_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_double_free_01_simple_if_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
memory_double_free_02_simple_if_int1_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
memory_double_free_02_simple_if_int2_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
memory_double_free_03_simple_if_multi_func_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_double_free_04_simple_switch_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
memory_double_free_05_simple_goto_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
memory_double_free_06_simple_pass_by_reference_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
memory_double_free_07_cross_file_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
memory_double_free_08_loop_for_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
memory_double_free_09_loop_for_complex_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
memory_double_free_10_loop_while_continue_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
memory_double_free_11_loop_while_do_continue_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
memory_double_free_12_loop_for_array_branching_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
memory_double_free_13_loop_for_pointer_arithmetic_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_double_free_17_complex_function_pointers_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_double_free_18_complex_struct_multiple_methods_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_double_free_19_complex_refcount_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_refer_free_01_simple_if_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
memory_refer_free_02_simple_if_int1_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
memory_refer_free_02_simple_if_int2_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
memory_refer_free_03_simple_if_multi_func_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_refer_free_04_simple_switch_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
memory_refer_free_05_simple_goto_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
memory_refer_free_06_simple_pass_by_reference_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
memory_refer_free_07_cross_file_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
memory_refer_free_08_loop_for_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
memory_refer_free_09_loop_for_complex_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
memory_refer_free_10_loop_while_continue_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
memory_refer_free_11_loop_while_do_continue_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
memory_refer_free_12_loop_for_array_branching_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_refer_free_13_loop_for_pointer_arithmetic_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_refer_free_17_complex_function_pointers_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
memory_refer_free_18_complex_struct_multiple_methods_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_refer_free_19_complex_refcount_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_zero_alloc_01_simple_if_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_zero_alloc_02_simple_if_int1_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_zero_alloc_02_simple_if_int2_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_zero_alloc_03_simple_if_multi_func_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_zero_alloc_04_simple_switch_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_zero_alloc_05_simple_goto_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_zero_alloc_06_simple_pass_by_reference_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_zero_alloc_07_cross_file_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_zero_alloc_08_loop_for_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_zero_alloc_09_loop_for_complex_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_zero_alloc_10_loop_while_continue_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_zero_alloc_11_loop_while_do_continue_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_zero_alloc_12_loop_for_array_branching_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_zero_alloc_13_loop_for_pointer_arithmetic_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_zero_alloc_17_complex_function_pointers_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): imprecise
memory_zero_alloc_18_complex_struct_multiple_methods_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
memory_zero_alloc_19_complex_refcount_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_overflow_01_simple_if_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_overflow_02_simple_if_int1_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_overflow_02_simple_if_int2_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_overflow_03_simple_if_multi_func_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_overflow_04_simple_switch_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_overflow_05_simple_goto_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_overflow_06_simple_pass_by_reference_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_overflow_07_simple_cross_file_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_overflow_08_loop_for_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_overflow_09_loop_for_complex_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_overflow_10_loop_while_continue_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_overflow_11_loop_while_do_continue_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_overflow_12_loop_for_array_branching_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_overflow_13_loop_for_pointer_arithmetic_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_overflow_17_complex_function_pointers_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_overflow_18_complex_struct_multiple_methods_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_overflow_19_complex_refcount_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_unbounded_copy_01_simple_if_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_unbounded_copy_02_simple_if_int1_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_unbounded_copy_02_simple_if_int2_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_unbounded_copy_03_simple_if_multi_func_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_unbounded_copy_04_simple_switch_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_unbounded_copy_05_simple_goto_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_unbounded_copy_06_simple_pass_by_reference_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_unbounded_copy_07_simple_cross_file_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_unbounded_copy_08_loop_for_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_unbounded_copy_09_loop_for_complex_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_unbounded_copy_10_loop_while_continue_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_unbounded_copy_11_loop_while_do_continue_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_unbounded_copy_12_loop_for_array_branching_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_unbounded_copy_13_loop_for_pointer_arithmetic_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_unbounded_copy_17_complex_function_pointers_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_unbounded_copy_18_complex_struct_multiple_methods_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
strings_unbounded_copy_19_complex_refcount_good.infer/bugs.txt (good): ok
base_files_access_closed_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
base_files_double_close_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
base_general_divide_by_0_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
base_general_nullpointer_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
base_general_uninitialized_pointer_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
base_general_uninitialized_value_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
base_integers_overflow_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
base_memory_double_free_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
base_memory_read_uninitialized_malloced_mem_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
base_memory_refer_freed_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
base_memory_zero_alloc_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
base_strings_overflow_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
base_strings_unbounded_copy_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
file_operations_access_closed_01_simple_if_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
file_operations_access_closed_02_simple_if_int1_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
file_operations_access_closed_02_simple_if_int2_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
file_operations_access_closed_03_simple_if_multi_func_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
file_operations_access_closed_04_simple_switch_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
file_operations_access_closed_05_simple_goto_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
file_operations_access_closed_06_simple_pass_by_reference_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
file_operations_access_closed_07_cross_file_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
file_operations_access_closed_08_loop_for_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
file_operations_access_closed_09_loop_for_complex_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
file_operations_access_closed_10_loop_while_continue_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
file_operations_access_closed_11_loop_while_do_continue_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
file_operations_access_closed_12_loop_for_array_branching_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
file_operations_access_closed_13_loop_for_pointer_arithmetic_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
file_operations_access_closed_17_complex_function_pointers_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
file_operations_access_closed_18_complex_struct_multiple_methods_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
file_operations_access_closed_19_complex_refcount_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
file_operations_double_close_01_simple_if_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
file_operations_double_close_02_simple_if_int1_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
file_operations_double_close_02_simple_if_int2_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
file_operations_double_close_03_simple_if_multi_func_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
file_operations_double_close_04_simple_switch_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
file_operations_double_close_05_simple_goto_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
file_operations_double_close_06_simple_pass_by_reference_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
file_operations_double_close_07_cross_file_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
file_operations_double_close_08_loop_for_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
file_operations_double_close_09_loop_for_complex_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
file_operations_double_close_10_loop_while_continue_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
file_operations_double_close_11_loop_while_do_continue_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
file_operations_double_close_12_loop_for_array_branching_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
file_operations_double_close_13_loop_for_pointer_arithmetic_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
file_operations_double_close_17_complex_function_pointers_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
file_operations_double_close_18_complex_struct_multiple_methods_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
file_operations_double_close_19_complex_refcount_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
general_divide_by_zero_01_simple_if_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
general_divide_by_zero_02_simple_if_int1_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
general_divide_by_zero_02_simple_if_int2_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
general_divide_by_zero_03_simple_if_multi_func_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
general_divide_by_zero_04_simple_switch_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
general_divide_by_zero_05_simple_goto_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
general_divide_by_zero_06_simple_pass_by_reference_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
general_divide_by_zero_07_simple_cross_file_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
general_divide_by_zero_08_loop_for_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
general_divide_by_zero_09_loop_for_complex_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
general_divide_by_zero_10_loop_while_continue_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
general_divide_by_zero_11_loop_while_do_continue_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
general_divide_by_zero_12_loop_for_array_branching_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
general_divide_by_zero_13_loop_for_pointer_arithmetic_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
general_divide_by_zero_17_complex_function_pointers_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
general_divide_by_zero_18_complex_struct_multiple_methods_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
general_divide_by_zero_19_complex_refcount_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
general_nullpointer_01_simple_if_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
general_nullpointer_02_simple_if_int1_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
general_nullpointer_02_simple_if_int2_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
general_nullpointer_03_simple_if_multi_func_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
general_nullpointer_04_simple_switch_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
general_nullpointer_05_simple_goto_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
general_nullpointer_06_simple_pass_by_reference_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
general_nullpointer_07_cross_file_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
general_nullpointer_08_loop_for_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
general_nullpointer_09_loop_for_complex_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
general_nullpointer_10_loop_while_continue_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
general_nullpointer_11_loop_while_do_continue_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
general_nullpointer_12_loop_for_array_branching_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
general_nullpointer_13_loop_for_pointer_arithmetic_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
general_nullpointer_17_complex_function_pointers_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
general_nullpointer_18_complex_struct_multiple_methods_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
general_nullpointer_19_complex_refcount_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
integers_overflow_01_simple_if_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
integers_overflow_02_simple_if_int1_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
integers_overflow_02_simple_if_int2_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
integers_overflow_03_simple_if_multi_func_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
integers_overflow_04_simple_switch_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
integers_overflow_05_simple_goto_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
integers_overflow_06_simple_pass_by_reference_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
integers_overflow_07_simple_cross_file_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
integers_overflow_08_loop_for_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
integers_overflow_09_loop_for_complex_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
integers_overflow_10_loop_while_continue_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
integers_overflow_11_loop_while_do_continue_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
integers_overflow_12_loop_for_array_branching_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
integers_overflow_13_loop_for_pointer_arithmetic_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
integers_overflow_17_complex_function_pointers_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
integers_overflow_18_complex_struct_multiple_methods_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
integers_overflow_19_complex_refcount_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_access_uninit_01_simple_if_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_access_uninit_02_simple_if_int1_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_access_uninit_02_simple_if_int2_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_access_uninit_03_simple_if_multi_func_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_access_uninit_04_simple_switch_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_access_uninit_05_simple_goto_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_access_uninit_06_simple_pass_by_reference_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_access_uninit_07_simple_cross_file_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_access_uninit_08_loop_for_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_access_uninit_09_loop_for_complex_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_access_uninit_10_loop_while_continue_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_access_uninit_11_loop_while_do_continue_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_access_uninit_12_loop_for_array_branching_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_access_uninit_13_loop_for_pointer_arithmetic_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_access_uninit_17_complex_function_pointers_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_access_uninit_18_complex_struct_multiple_methods_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_access_uninit_19_complex_refcount_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_double_free_01_simple_if_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_double_free_02_simple_if_int1_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_double_free_02_simple_if_int2_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_double_free_03_simple_if_multi_func_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_double_free_04_simple_switch_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_double_free_05_simple_goto_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_double_free_06_simple_pass_by_reference_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_double_free_07_cross_file_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_double_free_08_loop_for_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_double_free_09_loop_for_complex_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_double_free_10_loop_while_continue_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_double_free_11_loop_while_do_continue_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_double_free_12_loop_for_array_branching_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_double_free_13_loop_for_pointer_arithmetic_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_double_free_17_complex_function_pointers_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_double_free_18_complex_struct_multiple_methods_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_double_free_19_complex_refcount_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_refer_free_01_simple_if_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_refer_free_02_simple_if_int1_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_refer_free_02_simple_if_int2_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_refer_free_03_simple_if_multi_func_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_refer_free_04_simple_switch_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_refer_free_05_simple_goto_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_refer_free_06_simple_pass_by_reference_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_refer_free_07_cross_file_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_refer_free_08_loop_for_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_refer_free_09_loop_for_complex_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_refer_free_10_loop_while_continue_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_refer_free_11_loop_while_do_continue_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_refer_free_12_loop_for_array_branching_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_refer_free_13_loop_for_pointer_arithmetic_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_refer_free_17_complex_function_pointers_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_refer_free_18_complex_struct_multiple_methods_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_refer_free_19_complex_refcount_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_zero_alloc_01_simple_if_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_zero_alloc_02_simple_if_int1_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_zero_alloc_02_simple_if_int2_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_zero_alloc_03_simple_if_multi_func_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_zero_alloc_04_simple_switch_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_zero_alloc_05_simple_goto_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_zero_alloc_06_simple_pass_by_reference_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_zero_alloc_07_cross_file_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_zero_alloc_08_loop_for_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_zero_alloc_09_loop_for_complex_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_zero_alloc_10_loop_while_continue_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_zero_alloc_11_loop_while_do_continue_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_zero_alloc_12_loop_for_array_branching_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_zero_alloc_13_loop_for_pointer_arithmetic_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_zero_alloc_17_complex_function_pointers_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): ok
memory_zero_alloc_18_complex_struct_multiple_methods_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
memory_zero_alloc_19_complex_refcount_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_overflow_01_simple_if_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_overflow_02_simple_if_int1_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_overflow_02_simple_if_int2_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_overflow_03_simple_if_multi_func_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_overflow_04_simple_switch_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_overflow_05_simple_goto_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_overflow_06_simple_pass_by_reference_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_overflow_07_simple_cross_file_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_overflow_08_loop_for_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_overflow_09_loop_for_complex_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_overflow_10_loop_while_continue_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_overflow_11_loop_while_do_continue_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_overflow_12_loop_for_array_branching_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_overflow_13_loop_for_pointer_arithmetic_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_overflow_17_complex_function_pointers_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_overflow_18_complex_struct_multiple_methods_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_overflow_19_complex_refcount_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_unbounded_copy_01_simple_if_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_unbounded_copy_02_simple_if_int1_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_unbounded_copy_02_simple_if_int2_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_unbounded_copy_03_simple_if_multi_func_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_unbounded_copy_04_simple_switch_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_unbounded_copy_05_simple_goto_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_unbounded_copy_06_simple_pass_by_reference_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_unbounded_copy_07_simple_cross_file_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_unbounded_copy_08_loop_for_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_unbounded_copy_09_loop_for_complex_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_unbounded_copy_10_loop_while_continue_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_unbounded_copy_11_loop_while_do_continue_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_unbounded_copy_12_loop_for_array_branching_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_unbounded_copy_13_loop_for_pointer_arithmetic_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_unbounded_copy_17_complex_function_pointers_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_unbounded_copy_18_complex_struct_multiple_methods_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
strings_unbounded_copy_19_complex_refcount_bad.infer/bugs.txt (bad): false negative
